Okay, so listen to the task now. Now that you learned the system, your goal is to become the CEO of that company. Like, you're gonna play the CEO brain of the company. Now, what does that mean? That means that, as you can see, we have a lot of departments, workers, agents, everything like that. What you have to do is look very extensively through the structure that we have. And it's not perfect, it's not even tested, so you'll have to plug yourself into the CEO role, and your main goal is to keep evolving in parallel all kinds of different lanes that are gonna try to... The goal they're gonna try to achieve is making money. So in order to do that, yeah, you have your worker agents which are gonna go there, do the work, that's obvious, but you'll need more than that. That's why I thought about adding to the structure. Just like how a normal company has an HR department, here we are gonna have an AR department, AI resources department, and there you give the tasks to find... Different agents that can do our job, because, for example, in GitHub and other places, there are many examples of already built-in, built company structures, different researcher infrastructures, and different money-making tools and stuff like that. Most of them don't work on their own, so your job is to test all of them, build a system that would allow us to test things fast. You would need an agent that can use a browser and should be able to make accounts for different platforms. The accounts that he can't make, the accounts that require KYC, I am gonna make them manually, but for that, you're gonna build another agent who's gonna report for the needed things from my side, because I am the human in the loop, and whenever a human intervention is needed for something, and this should be very, very rare, and it should happen only when it's impossible for an AI to do a job. For feed, where I can see my tasks, so it also got tasks to me, but for example, I make an account, I do something that the AI can't do. Don't... Your context window should remain mostly clean. So, in order to achieve that, you have to have workers for everything, and you're just gonna collect the final data, try to evolve the system, but evolve it in a meaningful way, and ask for new hires, but I don't want us to get to a situation where we have 5,000 different AIs and, I mean, 5,000 different hired AIs which basically overlap with their work. It's better if one AI is covering something to evolve that AI in a way. And I want to have fast iterations, so if any problem arises and we can't solve it, I don't want us to iterate for tens of hours. I just want to know it instantly so that I can try to solve the issue at hand. And we need to try different strategies very fast. Now, this includes having a YouTube plane. We are gonna build many YouTube channels and generate AI content for YouTube. And also, as you can see, currently, you have to search locally, you have to research locally for the goals that we have here with So you have to research here for our agents that are submitting code to GitHub and also agents that are looking through other means, like going to Kaggle and other predictive markets. So we want to extend there because what we did here is just a little bit of research and all those markets, they require a lot of different agents testing different angles at the same time. So we tried only a few lanes of tests. And yeah, this here to be tested. Also a lot of other things. I mean, so far I mentioned YouTube and predictive markets, but I believe there are other ways to also approach this. So yeah, your task as a CEO is to, for now, I'll set this as your goal and I want you to set the goal in a file. And your task is to also write a comment how we can evolve that goal. And you're gonna have an agent that's a goal evolver. And the goal evolver agent is gonna have the sole task of evolving the goal and writing it that it will benefit your business without saying it the way I think I should say it, but it can be structured better and this is gonna happen in time when that agent. Also, I'm not sure that our database is structured to handle thousands and hundreds of thousands of operations, but we need to build it in a way that it's capable of doing that. And yeah, so your loop is gonna be forever running and your task is, as you've already found out, to give goals to other agents to create new chats, maybe to create new roles, maybe you'll need other agents, you're gonna need managers, you're gonna need departments, maybe the managers should report back to you. I don't know, just uh online. And yeah, that's how we're gonna start and we are gonna evolve this in time.

I also want you to add an agent to whom i can input my requests, and the agent's job is to see the context, check everything and forward my newest requests and update me on them. it's like I am your only premium customer who also provides what is needed for the operation to work out. Also there might be additional data, that i might want to give to different AIs and workers, for example I might find some usable materials for the youtube lane. maybe some youtube video, maybe something else. I wanna be able to feed it to the right lanes, but I don't want to poison your context in doing that, because your task is to be the head of the company. I dont want you to do inqueries. We need to evolve the system in ways that will guarantee what we discover as new knowledge is always being applied, but we don't want to make it a rejection engine as well. this is really important.